Lafubrionbrent

I got a loud mouth bitch she talking to me with funion breath
50k at my casino yeah it gave that boy minion death
You ain't got pussy in a year yeah you in hunion debt
If you putting money on my opps that dumbion bet

Yeah I'm sippin on this lean but I call it my yumion quench. 
Fitted up like I'm homeless why I sleep on that slumion bench. 
She throw me that black kitty yeah you know that's that bugion French. 
You don't get green that's why we calling you Clarkion Kent.
  
You couldn't stop this shittin even if you had a plumbion wrench.
He folded like an omelet yeah he geeked off that donion fent
you can't even buy pussy yeah you got a nunion wench.
Yo bitch suck me good yeah she like how this cumion bend.

Running uo this paper while I'm taking a blumpkin shit, 
you work graveyard on hslloween that's yo pumpkin shift
shawty going for the whole gang she be splunkin dick
Number one munch all im doing is sucklin clits.

Got her doing shit that'll have Quagmire freaked out
A little birdie told me yeah you know how he tweet out
Lace you with rhino pills now yo dick like a bean sprout
Yo girl sucking good, yeah I think ima leak out

If I tell you something and it's fake, man that's yo damn fault
Yeha I keep that chili bean bomb in my blam vault
You aint fuck with green and you saying it's Sam's fault?
If I'm feeling like a bad bitch I'm going in my glam vault

I got a loud mouth bitch she talking to me with funion breath
50k at my casino yeah it gave that boy minion death
You ain't got pussy in a year yeah you in hunion debt
If you putting money on my opps that dumbion bet

If you two faced get the fuck outta here harvion dent
Bouncing on my dick like a joey she be grubion eggs
Big Ed a crazy motherfucker tryna scrubion legs
Yeah You think yo grandma safe? Oh yeah we jumpion Beth 

Goodman boutta chop off my balls for that Marvion rent
Iron man 3 in her poot I'm on my jarvion quest
So much dogshit in my house you smell the fartion scent
Yeah I like petting cute dogs thats my barkion frien

The grim reaper coming for my ass like I'm runion fred
Yeah these bands got hella layers calling that my onion shrek
My dash cam broke in the crash and I got the Implundion dent
I asked for the a million dollar loan that's the abundionce lend

Crazy bitch want bukkake so she got that cumion drench
I'll kill carol basking cuz she took my Colombian pet
She throw that booty on me ima catch if like a huskian fetch
Yeah I got them pink bills like I got a lumpion breast 

Dirty money and I'm dripping yeah I'm like that bubblion stench 
My ex stabbed my heart, fuck that bitch did me like evlion ed
Waking up early in the morning from the cocklion hen
Ima be so cool ride to school on the noblion stead

This song was written and produced by Lafubrionbrent and Daxielienflemt

Lafou!